<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_h2f_kq3_sxb">
    <title><u>How to divide using the calculator</u></title>
    <shortdesc><i>Here you will find the instruction of divide feature in JPS calculator
        app.</i></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_h4v_qq3_sxb">
            <ol id="ol_o2w_vq3_sxb">
                <li><i>Basic knowledge of using a calculator application on your device.</i></li>
                <li><i>An existing monthly budget plan with the original expense amounts.</i></li>
            </ol>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p><i>Divide a specific expense in your monthly budget plan by a certain factor, such as
                    a percentage decrease or a change in quantity, using a calculator
                    application.</i></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Launch the calculator application on your device.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Identify the expense you want to divide by a factor.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Determine the factor to be applied (e.g., percentage decrease, change in
                        quantity)</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Enter the original expense amount into the calculator.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Select the division symbol (typically represented by "รท" or "/") on the
                        calculator.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Enter the factor value into the calculator.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Press the "=" button to calculate the new expense amount.</i></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_okc_lr3_sxb"><i>The result from the division is displayed.</i></result>
        <example id="example_cxd_nr3_sxb">
            <p><i>Let's consider the following scenario:</i></p>
            <p><i>Original Expense: $800 Factor: 0.75 (25% decrease)</i></p>
            <ol id="ol_efv_nr3_sxb">
                <li><i>Launch the calculator application.</i></li>
                <li><i>Enter the original expense amount, which is $800.</i></li>
                <li><i>Press the division symbol.</i></li>
                <li><i>Enter the factor value, which is 0.75</i>
                    <i>for a 25% decrease.</i></li>
                <li><i>Press the "=" button.</i></li>
            </ol>
            <p><i><b>Result:</b> The calculator application will display the new expense amount,
                    which in this case is $600. Therefore, after applying a 25% decrease, the new
                    expense amount is $600.</i></p>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
