<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_vnz_q43_sxb">
    <title><u>how to multiply using the calculator</u></title>
    <shortdesc><i>Here you will find the instruction of multiply feature in JPS calculator
        app.</i></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_hy4_hp3_sxb">
            <ol id="ol_lqx_3p3_sxb">
                <li><i>Basic knowledge of using a calculator application on your device.</i></li>
                <li><i>A pre-existing monthly budget plan with the current expense amounts.</i></li>
            </ol>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p><i>Multiply your monthly expenses by a specific factor, such as a percentage increase
                    or a change in quantity, to update your budget plan using a calculator
                    application.</i></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Launch the calculator application on your device.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Identify the expenses you want to multiply by a factor.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Determine the factor to be applied (e.g., percentage increase, change in
                        quantity)</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Enter the original expense amount into the calculator</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Select the multiplication symbol (typically represented by "x" or "×") on
                        the calculator.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Enter the factor value into the calculator.</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Press the "=" button to calculate the new expense amount</i></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_xdb_bq3_sxb"><i>The result from the multiplication is
            displayed.</i></result>
        <example id="example_tqt_dq3_sxb">
            <p><i>Let's consider the following scenario:</i></p>
            <p><i>Original Expense: $500 Factor: 1.1 (10% increase)</i></p>
            <ol id="ol_at4_2q3_sxb">
                <li><i>Launch the calculator application.</i></li>
                <li><i>Enter the original expense amount, which is $500.</i></li>
                <li><i>Press the multiplication symbol.</i></li>
                <li><i>Enter the factor value, which is 1.1 for a 10% increase.</i></li>
                <li><i>Press the "=" button.</i></li>
            </ol>
            <p><i><b>Result: </b>The calculator application will display the new expense amount,
                    which in this case is $550. Therefore, after applying a 10% increase, the new
                    expense amount is $550.</i></p>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
