<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="qu">
    <title><u>Questions in subtract concept</u></title>
    <shortdesc><i>Here you will find few questions related to subtract feature in JPS calculator
            app.</i></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p><b>1.</b><b> What is the concept of subtraction in math?</b></p>
        <p><i>In math, subtraction is the process of taking one number away from another to find the
                difference between them. It involves removing or subtracting a quantity from a given
                value. The result of a subtraction operation is called the difference. Subtraction
                is often used to compare two quantities or find the remaining amount after taking
                away a certain value. For example, if you have 10 apples and you eat 3, the
                subtraction operation of 10 minus 3 would give you a difference of 7, indicating
                that you have 7 apples remaining.</i></p>
        <p><b>2.How can I subtract numbers using a calculator application?</b></p>
        <p><i>To subtract numbers using a calculator application, enter the first number, then press
                the "-" button, and finally enter the second number. Press the "=" button to obtain
                the difference between the two numbers.</i></p>
        <p><b>3.Can JPS  calculator application handle negative numbers in subtraction?</b></p>
        <p><i>Yes,  JPS calculator application can handle negative numbers in subtraction. Simply
                enter the negative number using the appropriate button or symbol (-) on the
                calculator, and follow the same steps as subtracting positive numbers to obtain the
                correct difference.</i></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
