<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="questions_in_division_concept">
    <title><u>Questions in division concept</u></title>
    <shortdesc><i>Here you will find few questions related to division feature in JPS calculator
            app.</i></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p><b>1. What is the concept of division in math?</b></p>
        <p><i>In math, division is the process of splitting a quantity or value into equal parts or
                groups. It involves dividing one number by another to find the quotient or the
                result of the division operation. Division is used to distribute or allocate values
                proportionally or to determine the quantity of each part when a total is divided
                equally. For example, dividing 10 by 2 would give you a quotient of 5, indicating
                that 10 can be evenly split into two groups, with each group having a value of
                5.</i></p>
        <p><b>2. How can I divide numbers using a calculator application?</b></p>
        <p><i>To divide numbers using a calculator application, enter the dividend (the number being
                divided), then press the division symbol ("/" or "รท") to indicate division, and
                finally enter the divisor (the number you are dividing by). Press the "=" button to
                obtain the quotient or the result of the division operation.</i></p>
        <p><b>3.Can JPS calculator application handle dividing decimal numbers?</b></p>
        <p><i>Yes, JPS calculator application can handle dividing decimal numbers. Simply enter the
                decimal numbers using the appropriate decimal point button on the calculator, press
                the division symbol ("/" or "รท"), and then enter the divisor. Press "=" to obtain
                the quotient. The calculator will accurately perform the division operation,
                including with decimal numbers, providing the precise quotient.</i></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
